[Music]
ten stories that will make you believe
in fate sometimes we end up in the right
place at the right time as though by
someone's will leading us to think that
this is simply fate here are ten stories
about how coincidences changed people's
lives for the better
frankly speaking the last story almost
brought me to tears let's see which
story will melt your heart a couple of
days ago our cat ran away my husband
said that he went away to die because he
was already 13 I had to explain this
some house to my five-year-old son
yesterday we were out for a walk
I'd already planned what I was going to
say in my head and then I heard my son
say mom look I looked and in his hands
was a copy of Freddie when he was a kid
and now the new Freddie lives with us
and I told my son that our old cat still
lived inside the younger version then my
husband and I started thinking about it
and we thought maybe it's really the
case a cats have nine lives and for each
one they return to their favorite owner
just in a new form
[Music]
I lived in Los Angeles until I was 10 I
went to kindergarten there my mom and
aunt often told me later that I became
good friends there with a little girl
called
Diana and I even promised to marry her
many years later I was living in New
York and I got acquainted with a woman
soon our friendship became a
relationship she was also called Diana
which I didn't attach any significance
to at first eventually when we got to
know each other much better I told her
the story about the girl in kindergarten
he turned out to be the very same Diana
we're getting married so you have to
keep your promises
[Music]
I moved to a new rented apartment I've
been living there TV one day I decided
to organize a closet for myself I feared
myself from head to toe blue clay then
someone walked in I was standing naked
as the day I sworn all glue like Avatar
and I need the game incredibly
pleasantly surprised man I ran to the
kitchen and picked up a knife the guy
bit of a spray bottle and we started
demanding who was who and why were they
here it turned out that it was his
apartment and been rented out to me by
his grandma who dreamed of finding her
grandson Oh life we still remember that
day and I still live there now we live
at once Pam
[Music]
I've been convinced once again that life
is a funny thing my older sister had
been dating her boyfriend for five years
they broke up and then she married Alex
my brother dated a girl for eight years
they broke up and then he met a
wonderful woman also called Alex I've
been dating a guy for three years we
broke up and now I've just met another
guy
can you guess his name I lost my wallet
it had my ID money credit cards and a
photograph of my catechist a couple of
days later I found a phone on the bus I
phoned the mom of the person who lost it
and agreed to meet with them to give it
back I arrived and the guy was very
happy he said that there were still
honest people left in the world after
all I told him that I know how it feels
to lose something important as I lost my
wallet a few days earlier
then the guy took a wallet from his
pocket and asked me if it was mine
I opened it and there was the photo of
my cat you can't imagine how surprised
we both were all my money and cards were
still there now the guy's one of my
friends it's not for nothing that fate
led us to meet each other miracles
happen
we found out from my husband and a lover
the ride of my life
I could control myself or hold that my
emotion I started sobbing and ran away I
went down this assembly and headed off
somewhere a girl and a large wedding
dress running in the subway naturally
attracted a lot of sideways glances and
then a man appeared clearly a Mentalist
my music he took me by the hand and let
me out of the subway carriage as though
he was my friend I'm now happily married
to my new husband
[Music]
there's always one homeless guy hanging
around near my house and once came up to
me and asked me for money for a lottery
ticket I didn't believe that's what he
wanted it for I gave him some money
the next day he came back to me gave me
back my money and said I'm indebted to
you until I die
I bought a lottery ticket and won two
hundred and fifty thousand dollars thank
you
so I almost started crying it it was so
nice that by giving him such a small sum
I had some way help them get back on his
feet
[Music]
there's a small square here to my face
to go for walks here with us living here
on our reservation there's a mysterious
place here where mom's not a father and
my sister husband and today I
accidentally bumped into and knocking I
overheard the same bleep I apologize my
whole family is now waiting for the
wedding day
[Music]
I understood that he was my face when I
found out that his father and
grandfather were both called Alexander
just like mine were and not willing to
risk breaking tradition we also decided
to call our son Alexander my mom was
diagnosed with cancer in the autumn the
doctor said she had little chance of
survival I sat by her bed in the
hospital for hours on end and my cat was
left at home alone I started taking the
cat with me to see mom in the hospital
the first time I did this my cat laid
down on my mom and slept on her the
whole day in the morning a nurse came to
carry out a test and noticed the cat
wasn't breathing she had died the day
after that we got the news that mom's
illness was receding and her test
results were very good they said it was
a miracle
my cat gave her life for my mom there's
no other explanation
[Music]